FriiDump came to existance thanks to the work by a lot of 
people, most of which are probably not aware of this fact ;). 
So here is proper credit:

The DVD seed bruteforcing algorithm and code were taken from 
unscrambler 0.4 by Victor Muñoz (xt5@ingenieria-inversa.cl, 
http://www.ingenieria-inversa.cl/?lp_lang_pref=en).

The theoritical basis of the dumping methods were suggested in 
several comments to Victor's post. The most important comments 
came from Victor himself (xt5), FuzzyLogic and svpe.

The code to actually perform the dumping was derived from the 
work of Kevin East, AKA SeventhSon (kev@kev.nu, 
http://www.kev.nu/360/), which, in turn, derives from work by 
a lot of other people. See his page for full details.

Many hints were taken from RawDump, whose author is unknown.

A program that helped me a lot to understand the drive cache 
behaviour is PLScsi by Pat LaVarre 
(http://members.aol.com/plscsi/).

Nintendo disc structure information was taken from:
- http://www.gc-linux.org/docs/yagcd.html
- http://www.wiili.org/index.php/GameCube_Optical_Disc

Code to tell whether a Wii disc contains an update or was 
inspired by a program by wiidevel@stacktic.org. Sorry but I 
cannot find the URL anymore :(.

Other minor pieces of code were taken from tcpdump 
(www.tcpdump.org), Python (www.python.org) and the glibc 
printf manpage.

GDR8163B and Windows testing was performed by tasso85.

Thanks also go out to the ConsoleTribe staff for giving me the 
possibility to use their forum for the program support.

Glue, endless hours spent understanding drive cache behaviour 
and rest of the code are by me, Arep <arep@no.net>.

Finally, obvious thanks go out to Nintendo for making all of 
their great consoles, who constantly help me to waste the rest 
of my spare time I do not spend coding ;).
